---
title: School Canteen
permalink: /other-links/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>School Canteen Advertisement</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirement</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Snack &amp; drink stall</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>31 January 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Nil</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><p></p><p>1. Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><p><a href="/files/Application_Form_for_canteen.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application Form</a></p><p></p><p>2. Attached the following documents together with the application form:</p><p>* Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p><p>* List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p><p>* Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p><p></p><p>3. Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School's General Office.</p><p></p><p>* Address: 11 Jurong West Street 65, Singapore 648354</p><p>* Contact No: 67940161</p><p>* Email: <a href="mailto:blss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>blss@moe.edu.sg</u></a></p><p>* Contact Person: Mdm Wu Heow Meng</p><p></p><p><strong>How to get there?</strong></p><p>* Nearest MRT: Boon Lay - 10 minutes walking distance</p><p>* Bus number: 181, 193, 243G , 258 - 1 minute walking distance</p><p></p><p><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><p><a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">* Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</a></p><p>* Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p><p>* Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the "Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)" guidelines (see [link](<a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme</a>)).</p><p>* Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p><p>* Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p><p></p><p></p><p><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfil the following criteria:</strong></p><p>* Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.</p><p>* Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p><p>* Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p><p></p><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant's own expense.</em></p><hr><p></p>