---
title: CCA Selection
permalink: /seconeregistration/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4><strong>1.&nbsp; Principal’s Address</strong></h4><p>Please do join us for our Principal’s address to the Secondary 1 BoonLayians and parents on Zoom:</p><p><strong>Date: 21 December 2023 (Thursday)</strong></p><p><strong>Time: 9.30am</strong></p><p>Information about the Zoom Room ID and password will be given to all parents via Parents’ Gateway (PG). The agenda of the Zoom Meet is as follows:</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>0930 - 1000</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Greetings by Year Head and School Leader’s address</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1000 - 1010</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Secondary 1 orientation programme and admin details</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1010 – 1030</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>CCA Briefing</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1030 – 1100</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>SBB Briefing</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1100</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Q&amp;A</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>For parents who do not use PG you may reach out to us to obtain the Zoom information via:</p><p>1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">blss@moe.edu.sg</a>&nbsp; or</p><p>2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Call us: 67940161 for further information.</p><p>You may also input in your question to the school at <a href="https://form.gov.sg/657faaca4d3d170012b6e538" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Question Submission Form</a> prior to the Zoom Meeting.</p><h4><strong>2.&nbsp; Forms for submission</strong></h4><p>The Parents Gateway (PG) Mobile App is an initiative by MOE to enable parents to interact with schools more conveniently on administrative and financial matters.</p><p>Parents will also be able to use this app to stay updated on school’s programmes and activities.</p><p>We strongly encourage all parents to download and use the PG APP as the school will be using the PG APP as its primary channel to disseminate information.</p><p>All students who are posted to Boon Lay Secondary School will have to complete the Secondary 1 Registration Form:&nbsp; <a href="https://form.gov.sg/657f9e5c877e1b00113304bc" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">BLS S1 Registration Form for 2024 Intake</a></p><h4><strong>3.&nbsp; Allocation of Classes</strong></h4><p>Information with regards to the Secondary 1 students’ class allocation with be communicated through Parents’ Gateway (PG) after the Sec 1 Registration information in December 2023.</p><p>For parents who do not use PG or would like to find out about the class allocation, you may reach out to us via:</p><p>1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">blss@moe.edu.sg</a>&nbsp; or</p><p>2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Call us: 67940161 for further information.</p><h4><strong>4. Sale of Uniform, Textbooks and Stationery</strong></h4><p>Uniforms, textbooks and stationery will be sold at our school. Please see the table below for the operating dates and time.<br><br>Mode of payment: Cash or PayNow</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Dates</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Opening Hours</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;26, 27, 28 &amp; 29 December</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8.30 am – 3.30 pm (for Books)</p><p>9.00 am – 3.00pm (for Uniform)</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Venue</strong><br>Bookshop (Beside Canteen @ Level 1)– Books<br>Classroom at Blk C C1-01 (Level 1) – Uniform</p><p>The booklist can be retrieved from <a href="https://www.boonlaysec.moe.edu.sg/other-links/bookshop-and-sch-uniform/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">BLS Booklist</a><br>Alternatively, you may wish to purchase the uniforms and books online.</p><h4><strong>5.&nbsp; Subject Based Banding (SBB)</strong></h4><p>For students who are eligible to read subject(s) at a more demanding level, our school personnel will be reaching out to the relevant students after the S1 Registration in December 2023 to provide further guidance.</p><h4><strong>6.&nbsp; Information on School Reporting and First Week of School</strong></h4><p>Reporting: Tuesday 2 January 2024 @ 7.50 am</p><p>Attire: School Uniform/ school shorts for boys/ school skirt for girls</p><h4><strong>7.&nbsp; School Rules and Regulations</strong></h4><p>Students’ discipline is paramount in creating a safe and conducive environment for effective teaching and learning to take place. The school rules and regulations are put in place so as to achieve this purpose. The school rules and regulations will take reference from MSS Student’s Handbook.</p><p>General Expectations:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All absences from school must be accounted for with valid reasons. (eg MCs or any official documentation)</p></li><li><p>All students must be in school at the reporting venue by 7.50 am. The reporting venue for first day of school is at the school hall.</p></li><li><p>Students are to adhere to prescribed school uniform. Modification to the uniform is not allowed.</p></li><li><p>General grooming: All students must present themselves neatly in accordance to the school going students.</p></li><li><p>Students are reminded not to bring prohibited items to school.</p></li><li><p>Mobile phones: Students are allowed to bring mobile phones to school however they are NOT ALLOWED to use their mobile phones in school except during recess at only designated areas.</p></li><li><p>Please refer to our <a href="https://www.boonlaysec.moe.edu.sg/files/bls_handbook%202023_5th%20june.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Students Handbook</a> for further information on school rules and regulation.</p></li></ul><h4><strong>8.&nbsp; School Smart Card</strong></h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All students entering Secondary School for the first time in January 2024 will be issued with a new Secondary level School Smart Card (SSC).&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Students can use their Primary level SSC for concessionary travel until they receive their new card (till end April 2024).</p></li><li><p>Students would need to purchase the Bus Concession Pass for Secondary students while using their old card.</p><h4><strong>9. Transfers &amp; Appeals</strong></h4></li></ul><p>Do take note of the information regarding transfer to another school, or for appeals to Boon Lay Secondary School.<br><strong>Transfer to another school</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Ensure that you acknowledge the message sent in Parents Gateway to secure a place for your child at Boon Lay Secondary&nbsp;School.</p></li><li><p>Ensure that your child meets the cut-off for the school that you wish to transfer your child to&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Submit an appeal form at the school that you wish to transfer your child</p></li><li><p>Wait for the results of your appeal from the receiving school</p></li></ul><p><br><strong>Appeal to Boon Lay Secondary</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Ensure that you have secured a place at the school your child has been posted to Ensure that you meet the cut-off for Boon Lay Secondary&nbsp;School</p></li><li><p>Submit an appeal form&nbsp;to Boon Lay Secondary School at&nbsp;<a href="https://form.gov.sg/657f9911098c89001178c963" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">BLS S1 2024 Appeal to Transfer In (Non Medical Reason)</a></p></li><li><p>Wait for the results of your appeal</p></li><li><p>The application is deemed to be unsuccessful if you do not hear from the school by 3 January 2024.</p></li><li><p>All appeals must be submitted latest by&nbsp;<strong><u>26 December 2023, 12.00pm.</u></strong></p></li></ul><p></p>